in psychiatry we tend to talk about
anxiety like a generic term right
and also societally we you just toss
around this word anxiety i have anxiety
you have anxiety i got diagnosed with
anxiety i diagnosed that person with
anxiety
and it's kind of like super generic
because if i diagnose two people with
anxiety disorder then i give them the
same kinds of treatments and it's all
sort of like
a one-size-fits-all approach to
understanding anxiety
but in my experience that's actually not
the case
if we look at individual humans what
their mind
chooses to be anxious about tends to be
pretty unique
[Music]
anxiety has a particular route for
different people
if we can understand the root of anxiety
it sort of doesn't matter
what's above ground and how it manifests
because we're going to be tackling it
from its source
and the simple truth is that our anxiety
is learned it's actually something that
our mind is taught to produce
this module is really designed to mirror
how i actually work with people with
anxiety
our goal here is going to be to explore
all of these diagnostic options
where does anxiety come from how does it
manifest
and how can we really make a specific
and tailored plan
so that you can tackle your unique blend
of anxiety
down the non-clinical track we'll draw
more on the wisdom of meditative
traditions
we'll explore how anxiety comes from the
body and the mind
and how we can use tools like breath to
literally
physiologically reduce our anxiety
[Music]